We're happy to incorporate all improvements to JPlag into this codebase. Feel free to fork the project and send pull requests.
If you are new to JPlag, maybe check the [good first issues](https://github.com/jplag/jplag/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22).

Please try to make well-documented and clearly structured submissions:
* All artifacts (code, comments, etc.) should be in English
* Please avoid abbreviations!
* Make use of JavaDoc/TsDoc to document classes and public methods
* We provide a formatter configuration
  * For java code we use this [formatter configuration](https://github.com/jplag/JPlag/blob/master/formatter.xml), which is enforced by spotless
      * Eclipse/IntelliJ users can use it directly
      * It can always be applied via Maven with `mvn spotless:apply`
  * For typescript/vue code we use prettier and eslint
      * They can both be executed with `npm run lint` and `npm run format`
      * They can also be executed automatically on commit
* We also provide a CheckStyle configuration (in `config/checkstyle`), mainly to enforce JDoc comments
* Use well-explained pull requests to propose your features
* When re-using code from other projects, mark them accordingly and make sure their license allows the re-use
* Your changes should always improve the code quality of the codebase, especially when working on older components
* Your git messages should be concise but, more importantly, descriptive
* Ensure your git history is clean, or else your PR may get squashed while merging
* When creating a PR, make sure to provide a detailed description of you changes and what purpose they serve

## Building from sources 
1. Download or clone the code from this repository.

### Core
2. Run `mvn clean package` from the root of the repository to compile and build all submodules.
   Run `mvn clean package assembly:single -P with-report-viewer` instead if you need the full jar, which includes all dependencies.
3. You will find the generated JARs in the subdirectory `jplag.cli/target` (`jplag-x.y.z-jar-with-dependencies.jar`).

### Report Viewer
2. Run `npm install` to install all dependencies.
3. Run `npm run dev` in the report-viewer subfolder to launch the development server. The report viewer will be available at `http://localhost:5173/`.
   Different versions of the build command are described in the [report-viewer README](../report-viewer/README.md).

### Git hooks

The repository contains a pre-commit hook that prevents commits if they fail spotless and executes prettier and eslint on report-viewer code.
To set up the hooks, call `git config --local core.hooksPath gitHooks/hooks` once within your local repository or run `npm i`/`npm run prepare` in the report-viewer package.

