Contributing to JPlag
=====================

We're happy to incorporate all improvements to JPlag into this codebase. Feel free to fork the project and send pull requests. If you are new to JPlag, maybe check the `good first issues <https://github.com/jplag/jplag/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22>`__.

Please try to make well-documented and clear structured submissions:

* All artifacts (code, comments...) should be in English
* Please avoid abbreviations!
* Make use of JavaDoc to document classes and public methods
* We provide a `formatter configuration <https://github.com/jplag/JPlag/blob/master/formatter.xml>`__, which is enforced by spotless
    * Eclipse/IntelliJ users can use it directly
    * It can always be applied via maven with `mvn spotless:apply`
* Use well-explained pull requests to propose your features
* When re-using code from other projects mark them accordingly and make sure their license allows the re-use
* Your changes should always improve the code quality of the codebase, especially when working on older components
* Your git messages should be concise but more importantly descriptive

Building from sources
---------------------

1. Download or clone the code from this repository.
2. Run `mvn clean package` from the root of the repository to compile and build all submodules.
3. Run `mvn clean package assembly:single` instead if you need the full jar which includes all dependencies.
4. You will find the generated JARs in the subdirectory `jplag/target`.

Adding new languages
--------------------

Adding a new language frontend is quite simple. Have a look at one of the `jplag.frontend` projects. All you need is a parser for the language (e.g., for ANTLR or for JavaCC) and a few lines of code that send the tokens (that are generated by the parser) to JPlag.

.. warning:: TODO More Documentation
